What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Inorder to get a directory, it will be created for me to track changes in my files.
	It is in ordder to let git know that I want to track changes in this project.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    We do this in order to add files we want to commit. It will offers us more control.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	It is important to initilise a repository otherwise git does not know that it is a repository

	Staging Area for logical Changes:

	The staging area has a few arguments that are useful
	git diff to compare the working directory to the staging area
	git dif --staged to complare the staging area to the repository
	git reset --hard to areas the working directory and staging area

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	It would be useful to create a branch when you are looking to experiment and change a feature.
	It would also be useful when creating another version of the game like we did in easy mode.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	It helps by showing the various branches running parallel to the master branch.
	it also helps by showing which parent the commits are connect to and when and where the branches were established.
	Finally, it alos helps in seein the detached head state to a commit that isnt neccessarily a brnach yet

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Once two branches are merged together using git merge the one branch merges into the other
	mine didnt go so well through an error which needs to be corrected

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	The pros are that when there is a conflict the users get notified about them to resolve it
	the cons are that it takes time to do thisand review the conflicting work